Okay. What we talking about?... Villains of Godzilla.
So. Yeah, yeah.
Oh, Pink Godzilla. So, Pink Godzilla. So, okay, let me tell you the story of Pink Godzilla.
So, Pink Godzilla came out. So, Godzilla...yeah...
Well, first like that wasn't the
first Pink Godzilla was back in the 2000.
2003. Yeah.
Ah. It was the...
No, no, no in the 2002.
1999 to 2000, 2001 I think.
like the first one I think was Godzilla versus
Ah. Orga or something and then there's another one called Godzilla versus
Godzilla and then...
A big bug thing. A big, a huge like...
of bug monster yeah. So, that's when
it was just pink in that movie but then like it's the
No, the spikes. The spikes were pink. The spikes were pink.  Yeah. The spikes are just...
No, it...
No, no, it was already-  it was already pink at the start.
Yeah, it was like it was just pink the whole time.
But then in the... but then in the new- in the new in the new one of...
of the... Yeah, New empire. So, yeah.
Yeah, turns pink.
Yeah, he like... he like. Yeah, he recharges... He recharges himself.
and then like and then like at the end he defeated this monster that had a lot of like pink
energy thing and then like he all die.
What?
No, that's Zina, Hiyo. He went...
No, he attacked the... so near the beginning of the movie?
So Godzilla attacks this monster named Tiamat in the North Pole.
And then, yeah. yeah. And then...
No. It was kind of but it's living in the
Yeah. New Empire. New Empire. Yeah. New Empire.
No, New Empires, lots of cons.
New Empire... and that's when the Pink Godzilla came out.
Yeah, that's... Yeah... No, no, no, no, just
No just the, just the spikes were pink. I think
I think he has extra things on him.
Um. Godzilla vs. Kong, No, Godzilla X, Kong, and New Empire.
The New Empire, Yeah.
Yeah, latest movie. But then I don't know if they're gonna be any new ones yet.
Yeah, you said they're gonna... Yeah.
Yeah, What do you, what do you think they're going to make next?
Oh, that'd be great. I want Gamera.
Yeah.
yeah
Yeah, well, I don't know, you think that's the first
Yeah, yeah or or some kind of children.
Yeah yeah yeah.
And then there's always the the monster that eats people. but it end.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I guess but then didn't you say like that there's gonna be a new Shin Godzilla?
Yeah, but then up...
Yeah.
Yeah, it's not really it's not really yet. It's not really new.
shin shin
But Okay, okay.
But anyway, but then...
Is it God, Shin Godzilla can unfreeze or something?
Yeah. Remember he got frozen at the end. But then
Three day, three days?
Yeah, he was...
Yeah.
No, I thought they just like frozen like completely and, and then like...
Really?
Oh, because he shot um... the beam.
Yeah. yeah.
Yeah. yeah. He'll get it and he'll, yeah, he'll, yeah. And then.
Yeah, it wasn't frozen, but then yeah...
yeah
Yeah.
Three days. I don't know. Yeah.
Oh because like they all visit
No, but then they did attack and then he did wake up, but then they were able to defeat...
defeat them at the end. Yeah.
No, no that that was before. He did that and then he
for like three days and then people came up with a plan to freeze him.
and then at the end they froze him.
Yes, they froze him at the end.
Oh, they put like the some kind of like a medicine. Yeah liquid, freeze them.
Yeah, and then they yeah, and then they froze them.
Nitrogen, yes, or something like that. But then they did feed them at the end. Yeah.
They feed.
Ah. I don't know. There are like a bunch of characters that come out.
Is there?
I guess, yeah, but I didn't really watch much of the main person thing, I only watched the...
Yeah, there was a... Oh, did you know the
Minus one Godzilla the main character?